0.5.3
	Wednesday June 15, 2016
	Defect TAX-33 UI changes
		Bold text on selected service type and selected vehicle type, but normal text on unselected icons
		Background color of selected service type icon changed to Mears Pantone Yellow hex #fed141
		Vehicle type buttons now have a higher height so they are easier to click on smaller screens
		Payment Type is now on its own line in the Order Review View
		
	Defect TAX-43 
		Map was not showing on several Android devices at all
		Was receiving two confirmation emails for a booking
		Was receiving two receipts once a fare has been completed
		Once the trip was completed, user was asked to rate the trip and offer additional gratuity twice.
		The screen came up two times for the same trip
		Button missing for adding the gratuity on iOS devices
		All “cab” and “taxi” words need to be replaced with "vehicle" for both services (taxi and luxury)
		SMS message not going out for app account registrations	(this was config only)
		
	Added Tip amount value on the email receipt
	
	Honey Badger fix - after Job accept Honey Badger was still polling for Available vehicle state set to 1
	
	Fixes from Production 3_5 brought into the Mears branch:
	ARRO-1063 - Arro Taxihail 3.5.13 crashes when calculating Fare Estimate
	ARRO-1062 - Royal Taxi Changing Destination causes crash
	
0.5.4
	Friday June 10, 2016
	TAX-80 application was crashing when viewing the history details of a trop on iOS.
	
0.5.5
	Friday June 24, 2016
	Fixed the double slash issue in the URLs in the HttpClientExtensions class that was causing some 404 errors.
	
0.5.6
	Monday July 11, 2016
	Address the majority of the items in the LuxuryHail Issues document.
	
	1: For trips using the luxury service, the user's preferred Tip Amount (configured in the payment form) will be ignored since the tip is built into the fare for Luxury.
	2: The Vehicle type on the driver assignment screen is now being displayed. User should not be able to select the vehicle type for Luxury.
	3: On the Confirm Order screen, the destination address control displayed when fare breakdown is expanded. There are probably other pending features, but this was the main one that was derived from the last demo.
	4: Vehicle icons on map now render differently based on taxi and luxury service selection.
	5: fare icon, the map now centers on the moving vehicle when in trip.
	6: Vehicle type on the trip history details screen is now being displayed.
	7: Promotions are now working when configured using the company settings.
	8: 15 minute no show timer. After 10 mintues, a no show warning is sent to the user. After 15 minutes, the driver can request a no show and if approved, the user is charged a $15.00 no show fee and gets a receipt by email.
	9: 10 minute no show warning is sent as a push notification as well as a warning message on the booking screen.
	10: No show receipt is sent after No Show is approved, payment is processed.
	12: Gratuity screen will now only stay up for a configurable number of minutes (120). Note that the additional gratuity has been disabled in this build, so this feature will not be verifyable.
	14: The phone number linked to the call button should now change according to the service that is selected. The phone numbers are configurable in the company settings (DB).
	15: on trip complete for taxi service, you can now submit the rating and go back to the order screen.
	16: TAX-39 change tip while in car taxi fleet not working, MearsLuxury only for now, and for Taxi service only.
	17: TAX-48 remove apcurium logos, MearsLuxury only for now
	18: fleet tokens miss matched with luxury/taxi service types
	19: ChargeAmountsTimeout is now working, able to process payment form in DirveLinQ.
	20: Call button width should be reasonable now on iOS when no other buttons are visible on the bottom button bar. Previously the width of the button would shrink down to the width of the Call letters and was too small.
	21: When user clicks to expand the rate breakdown control, the Destination Address control should be made visible.
	22: Push notification is being sent when vehicle is in proximity to the pickup address.
	24: On the email receipt, the drop-off date/time should be in local time (not UTC), have to configure the timzeone in company settings to make this work.
		
	Known Issues:
	For item 21, the toggle will also hide the destination address control when clicked multiple times.
	
	PLEASE NOTE: There are a number os T-SQL scripts that must be executed when this build is released. The script will be provided to Scott & Pascal ahead of release time. The T-SQL script should be executed on the MearsLuxury database.
	
	PLEASE NOTE: There is a dependency on some IBS web service changes.
	Please ensure that the changes are pushed to this location prior to building the Middleware and the Mobile apps:
	http://mdsibs.mears.com:43550/IBScab/IBScab.dll/wsdl/IWEBOrder_7
	For the purposes of testing, we were using this end point which had the required changes:
	http://10.10.1.115:80/LAMP/IBSCab.dll/wsdl/IWEBOrder_7
	The IBS change is to expose a new class called TOrderStatus_6 which populates the VehicleType property.
	
0.5.7
	Thursday July 26, 2016
	Web Service URL for IBS was defaulting to the value stored in Config.AppSettings instead of Config.ServiceTypeSettings in some instances.
	The code that called GetOrderStatus from IBS was only using one of the fleets, now getting status updates from both Luxury and Taxi fleets.
	Added a null check for the VehicleType coming back from IBS Order Info.
	
0.5.8
	Monday August 8, 2016
	Fixed map moving north every 10 seconds on certain job statuses
	Cleaned up using statements
	Fix one remaining issue for TAX-39 tip calculation when changing the tip percentage while in trip
	Fixed issue with double events on UpdateOrderStatusJob
	Added null check on private member to try to solve some of the android debugging crashes	
	Address issues related to Extra amount oulined in an email from Mark Symmonds. When Extra amount is speficied in DriveLinQ, the value is now displayed on the receipt as Extra charge, history report shows extra amount, admin portal shows extra amount in order history report.
	For the 10 minute no show warning, always send both a SMS and a push notification message.
	Addressed 10 issues outlined in the LuxuryHail Issues.doc document:

		1. Luxury vehicles are not showing on map.  I booked into DriveLinq so I should show up on the app map.
		2. No gratuity to be applied on luxury transactions unless user explicitly taps the percentage button at the end of the trip.  Gratuity is automatically included in the rates.  As such tip button should also not appear during the trip on map screen for luxury fares
		3. The top portion of the Confirm screen should be cleaned up. It should be clear to the user which options can be edited during the booking process and which items require the user to go back to the “Payment” or “Update Account” sections. Also, the edits options should be pre-defined - this still needs to be done
		4. The icon of the vehicle on the map should reflect the type of vehicle assigned
		5. Once picked up the fare icon remains stuck at the origin on the map while the vehicle moves away
		6. Order details screen needs to show the type of vehicle used for that order - currently not displaying any vehicle type
		7. Not able to enter promotions for either luxury or taxi.  Carryover from TaxiHail functionality missing in LuxuryHail
		8. Once the driver arrives on scene and GPS is able to determine that the driver is on site, a 15 minute “no-show” timer will begin. If the fare is a future reservation, the 15 minute clock will begin at the reservation pickup time 
		9. If the passenger has not arrived for pickup within 10 minutes, a push notification and text will go out with a warning. If the passenger is in the app, a warning message will appear in the app. The push notification or message will state “Your vehicle has been waiting for ten minutes. Please contact the driver if you would like your vehicle to wait longer.”  
		Did not receive any notifications after 10 minutes.  DriveLinq Tom Tom is sitting right next to app, so I should be in the vicinity
		10. After 15 minutes the driver may request a “No show” and if granted, the user will be assessed a $15.00 no show fee - not able to test since other pieces are not working

0.5.9
	Monday September 19, 2016
	Additional Gratuity changes TAX-164
	PushSharp update to 4.0.1
	NewtonsoftJson update to 7.0.10
	
0.5.10
	Thursday October 13, 2016
	Java Heap size set to 2G for android projects.
	
0.5.11
	Monday November 7, 2016
	Interim build until TAX-223 is checked-in or recoded
	
	TAX-210 User prompted to pay gratuity after paying cash
	Users whom have their default payment type set to COF, but choose to pay cash in car, are still being prompted for additional gratuity
	through the app. MearsLuxury would like this configured so that only users who actually pay that particular fare by CC on file, are
	prompted for the additional gratuity. User who elect to pay cash through the app should not be prompted.

	TAX-211 User prompted to rate fare twice after a 2nd trip (transfer)
	Currently unable to reproduce monitoring

	TAX-212 Mears would like the vehicle type displayed on the email receipt
	Added Vehicle Info to the email receipt. This does not affect the printed receipt. Mears is only requesting this on the email receipt.
	
	TAX-213 Vehicle type blank on order details screen
	TaxiHail side is completed
	Assigned to Jonathan, small change still required (null check) on certain properties in IBS.

	TAX-214 Once on site a push notification that the vehicle is on site is not being sent

	TAX-215 Proximity messaging for Luxury pickups not being sent out

	TAX-216 Mears Luxury Call button offers taxi line when in luxury mode
	When the guest chooses the “Call” button to contact Mears it offers to call the taxi line, (407) 422-2222. This should direct the
	guest to call the MDS Customer Service, (407) 843-2404 when in luxury mode
	The main menu on the mobile device will now have 2 call buttons, one labeled Call Taxi and one labeled Call Luxury. The buttons will invoke
	the ability to call the phone number associated with the given service type. When in trip, the call button is linked to the selected 
	service type for the current trip.

	TAX-217	Rates are incorrect for both luxury and taxi in dropdown lists. Taxi estimates and rates currently do not match what is in Mears Taxi production mobile app 
	Luxury Service:
	Minimum Fare: $15.00
	Base Rate (no miles): $7.00
	Per Mile Rate: $3.30 ($0.55 1/6 mi)
	Wait Time: $1.00 per minute
	Taxi Service:
	Minimum Fare: $2.40
	Base Rate (no miles): $2.40
	Per Mile Rate: $2.40 ($0.60 1/4 mi)
	Wait Time: $0.60 per 80 seconds
	The issue was that the required records in the Booking.TariffDetail table were incorrect. There was only one record in the production 
	database, and the default record had invalid values.	

	TAX-218
	The icon of the vehicle on the map should reflect the type of vehicle assigned
	Currently unable to reproduce, the icon is black car for luxury service, and taxi (with sign on roof) for taxi service
	
	TAX-220 Rates are incorrect for both luxury and taxi in estimates. Taxi estimates and rates currently do not match what is in Mears Taxi production mobile app 
	(see TAX-217 for rate breakdown)

	TAX-219
	Once picked up the fare icon remains stuck at the origin on the map while the vehicle moves away
	When the user does not interact with the map on the mobile device, the map centres on the vehicle location periodically. If the user interacts with the map, we cancel the Auto Follow on the vehicle, because the assumption is the user is trying to see something on the map, and if we recenter the map on the vehicle, it will cause some frustration.
	Also, the passenger icon disappears from the map once the passenger is picked up.
	I cannot reproduce the statement defining defect TAX-219.

	TAX-221 Remove Wait Time line item from the rate structure text for luxury rates only

	TAX-222 Known issue with toggle of the destination button from release notes causes intermittent mis-toggle behaviour.
	
	TAX-224 The pulldown for pricing (where “Calculating” appears) also shows the message for a rule that was entered.  However several of our rules are long so the message appears tiny.  Can just a message stating “Booking not available for this address” be there when a restriction is encountered?  
	
	TAX-227 Assigned to Yves as well, they were referring to the email receipt as well as the paper receipt.
	Added Service Type and Vehicle Info to the email receipt.	

	TAX-232
	When changing the method of payment from card on file to pay in car while in trip, and then changing the tip amount from the payment device, the email receipt tip amount is not reflected.

Still outstanding
	TAX-223
	Need to have two profile options for preferred vehicles.  One for luxury preferred vehicle and the other for taxi preferred vehicle
	Assigned to Kalyan
	In Development

0.5.12 
	Monday November 14, 2016
	TAX-221 Waiting time line was still present on android for Luxury service
	TAX-223 Multiple profile settings for Luxury and Taxi fleet vehicle types
	TAX-224 Operations would like the message on the pulldown tab (where “Calculating…” appears) to read 
	“Please call 407-843-2404 for service in this area.” when booking rules are applicable for luxury service. 
	"Booking not available for this address" when booking rules are applicable for luxury service. 